---
layout: post
title:  "Death"
date:   2018-12-31
desc: "My views about Death"
keywords: "life,dream,indian,weird,food,cost"
categories: [Justathought]
tags: [life,dream,indian,weird,food,cost]
icon-family: fa
icon: fa-joint
author: "Shashwat_Hiregoudar, Chandan_Surgond"
---
<center>Death. Something nobody craves for, something everybody fears for, something only wicked hearts embrace, something that comes without notice/ or sometimes with a short prior notice. Sometimes natural, sometimes unnatural. Damn, so complicated!
But, the act of dying is as simple as anything else in the world. Quicker than falling asleep.</center>

# Why die
### Has to happen
Someone who is born in this world being a living being has to die some day. Unless you are immortal some thing like that.This thing is compulsion

### Need
It is considered to be less productive and helpful if the resource is there with us forever.
The best example is of the child who wants a toy.
Before he gets it, it means the world to him. be obsessed with it.Show his obsession to his parents so that they feel like let the kid have it and they give it off. Now when the time passes, the child plays with it and he moves onn to the next toy.
Just the similar we are. with the same instincts of a child or let me say human psychology.
Humans are also wanted so once we are not needed or there is some better version of us then its better to die.

### Un-usable
Ageing is a natural process. ```With age comes maturity and experience``` i agree. But when you are in a situation where the maturity and experience is less crucial or the situation needs more actual work than executal or administorial decissions then you are unfit.
According to me a person has to die if he is not usable or not servable.Even worse, he is causing trouble to the ones who are usable(The working people).Simply why be a burden to someone. Who wants that life.

So now that we know that death is inevitable and has to be embraced,why not do it in a better way.
# Best ways to die
### Death at workplace
How cool is that, the place where you spend the most and useful years of your life why not end it there. I think it is the best place to die. It will be like a soldier dying on his battlefield. 

### Death with the beloved
Probably the most painful death possible causse you will have to see your beloved die with you. In some ways I find it satisfactory because the person has  been withyou the whole life, even after life if it exists we will be together. 

### Death for science
Death is inevitable and has to happen. So why not use it. Volunteer for some human body bio experiments for the betterment of science and humanity. ```If you succeed you can lead else advise```
.

# Common Ideologies
### Live as if tomorrow is the last
Nope. I strongly dis-agree. The famous hindi phrase ```Ek din ka raja``` meaning "One day king" suits best here. That ideology suits for the kind of people who have lots of money in their hand and tension in their mind whether they will be able to use the earned money all by themselves. And frankly im not such a person and so is the majority of the crowd. Proper planning, time management and consistency is the key to success.

<i>Yeah but whatif tomorrow i die</i>
Then dont worry, it had to happen; would have happened some other time, happened now.

## Conclusion
Death is inevitable, life is costly better make it worth. Do something in life such that people should miss you when you die. People should use your work. 